Adds Allowlist Elastic Endpoint in third-party antivirus apps page to serverless docs (#5639)
elastic/security-docs: docs/management/admin/trusted-apps.asciidoc

[chapter, role="xpack"]
= Trusted applications

> NOTE: To add Elastic Endpoint as a trusted application in your other antivirus (AV) software, refer to <<allowlist-endpoint-3rd-party-av-apps>>.

Reviewer: A little extra context-setting might help readers understand _why_ they'd want to do this.
```suggestion
NOTE: If you use {elastic-defend} along with other antivirus (AV) software, you might need to configure the other system to trust {elastic-endpoint}. Refer to <<allowlist-endpoint-3rd-party-av-apps>> for more information.
```
